FIX Correct validation in BisectingKMeans with custom init (#33148)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.cluster/33148.fix.rst

> - Fixed a :exc:`ValueError` in :class:`cluster.BisectingKMeans` when using a custom `init` callable with `n_clusters > 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in :class:`cluster.BisectingKMeans` when using a custom callable `init` with `n_clusters > 2`.
```

> - Fixed a :exc:`ValueError` in :class:`cluster.BisectingKMeans` when using a custom `init` callable with `n_clusters > 2`.

Reviewer: Please reference yourself here
``By :user:`your_name <your_gh_handle>`.``
